so now I'm gonna draw your land dolphin
play
I'm gonna try to land dolphin flip no as
you can see it's ringing
you can't just so much but I'm gonna try
land dolefully I said that like million
times but I've still been landed right
now if I didn't land it down I've worn
myself up I'm gonna try to go for it if
I didn't learn within 10 try so I'm
gonna slap myself
is that it is that the Dalton flip is it
just got the freaking ball
I've been wanting to learn this trick
since I first saw its gender but that it
I'm not sure
oh my god so happy right now I've been
trying that trick for like g4 days just
like very Hill but where his
heart is hell but it doesn't tell me
doesn't comment I'm really if that's
dolphin flip because I don't really know
it's da flip or like verified but I'm
gonna do it again to to make it true is
that it oh is it like no that's what I
don't know I'm just gonna I just lend on
the flip twice today by going on to n1
does it look like a dolphin flip or is
it that good just shove it away whoa
wait comment down below or what trick
that you want me to trial and next I'm
sorry I'm sorry right now
yeah guys next time peace out